No wonder Lord Rose didn't invite money
It turned out that it was because of the ugly lady's face
Oh, dear.
The background of the Chu family is really behind the foundation
It has left my Ye family far away
Oops stinky lady
You can come to my birthday today.
Are you lucky for Sansheng?
Don't forget to become a monk in the future
Can you remind me more about the Ye family?
Don't worry, Mrs. Ye
Of course.
Did Ye Yifei see it?
The current Chu family is not what you imagined
Quickly apologize to Miss Chu
Bring the betrothal gift to the door tomorrow to be the daughter-in-law of the Chu family
Grandma, why don't you want to
Not to mention the background of my Chu family in the Zhenbei Military Headquarters
It is the leapfrog who can come
It is enough to prove the status of my Chu family
Right, leapfrog?
Where are you from?
I know you.
Musical instrument adult
I'm Chu Yu, the second miss of the Chu family in Shangjing.
You should know my Chu family
Excuse me.
This Three Neighbors Wine
Never heard of it.
Ah!
It took half a day
The leapfrog lord is not here for the Chu family
Leapfrog adult
Today is neither for my industrialists
I'm not here for the Chu family
I dare ask who you are here for
I will meet Jun Rufeng with you